# Fresh-Air
Read before looking at cards.
When I make this, I made this to bring fresh ideas to Blox Cards. For me the game lacks excitement because everything has been reverted to a point where nothing is Overwhelming. Everything has been nerfed or reworked and only singular cards have gotten buffs that don’t do much for a deck idea or archetype. Remember this, No one has ever said that blox cards has gotten funner by nerfing a deck/card. A game can only be fun when everything can compete with each other by giving every deck or archetype the tools to compete. When i say Overwhelming, i mean that any Archetype or Deck theme can’t compete to the meta of Mono-INSERT COLOR HERE. Things are fun when you are put against a challenge of making a deck that has a goal and has to do tasks to achieve it to win. The ways a deck can win can’t be obtained when it’s tools aren’t good enough. The reason Blox Cards was fun was because everything is simple but to win can be done in many ways. I highly doubt anyone that plays against Mono-Anything has fun when the opponent is just playing cards that are just good while their deck doesn’t have the tools to answer or reach their goal quicker with. This Pack will be my take on giving every archetype a chance to be playable and enjoyable. This pack will also include 3 new archetypes that players can mess around with and try older cards with. Also i will be taking ideas from from the Card-Concepts channel in the Discord as I believe that there are some good ideas that can really help some decks out. If there’s an archetype that doesn’t receive a new card, it’s probably cause i figured it already got good tools and needed some generic support. Also if some cards are immediately OP, don’t worry my goal is make everything OP. Once you raise the bar on everything so every deck is Strong in a specific area, you get more exciting match ups.
